your nights says a second that sends out
texting who is my friend camille cobbi
committed this year is a girl - names
boys it changes that well it changes
nothing at all unless it's a boy is
certainly a boy on the head
sometimes I looked at it I imagine that
I see a little chick come out
never guarantees sir taste to genlis
eawag lynx alertness agency
you're going to have to cut me off not sorry
you should not be announced at the exhibition
the gendarme you will use
hold I show you where I was going
okay
christian
button
we are alert vigilance of lynx
our vocation is to fight against
crime on a planetary scale
a new villain has surfaced
you know how the bad guys sounds
that's why you are 6
I am the director of the agency silas
from faith hill
it is true that he will save luxury
extremely well served
gobbi